1. Write a program using pointers to read in an array of
integers and print its elements in reverse order.



2. We know that the roots of a quadratic
equation of the form
	ax 2 + bx + c = 0
are given by the following equations:
	x1 = -b + sqrt(b*b-4*a*c)/2*a
	x2 = -b - sqrt(b*b-4*a*c)/2*a
Write a function to calculate the roots. The function
must use two pointer parameters, one to receive the
coefficients a, b, and c, and the other to send the
roots to the calling function.



3. Write a function that receives a sorted array of
integers and an integer value, and inserts the value
in its correct place.


4. Write a function using pointers to add two matrices
and to return the resultant matrix to the calling
function.



5. Using pointers, write a function that receives a
character string and a character as argument and
deletes all occurrences of this character in the string.
The function should return the corrected string with
no holes.




6. Write a function day_name that receives a number
n and returns a pointer to a character string
containing the name of the corresponding day. The
day names should be kept in a static table of
character strings local to the function.



7. Write a program to read in an
array of names and to sort them in alphabetical
order. Use sort function that receives pointers to the
functions strcmp and swap.sort in turn should call
these functions via the pointers.



8. Given an array of sorted list of integer numbers,
write a function to search for a particular item, using
the method of binary search. And also show how this
function may be used in a program. Use pointers and
pointer arithmetic.
(Hint: In binary search, the target value is compared
with the array’s middle element. Since the table is
sorted, if the required value is smaller, we know that
all values greater than the middle element can be
ignored. That is, in one attempt, we eliminate one
half the list. This search can be applied recursively
till the target value is found.)



9. Write a function (using a pointer parameter) that
reverses the elements of a given array.



10. Write a function (using pointer
parameters) that compares two integer arrays to see
whether they are identical. The function returns 1 if
they are identical, 0 otherwise.



11. Write a C program to insert a substring into another
string by using function and pointers.


12. Write a C program that uses the pointer increment
operations to demonstrate the scale factor.


13. Write a C program that displays the
addresses and values pointed by an array of
pointers.



14. Write a C program that uses pointers to
demonstrate initialization of structure members.
