1. Write a program that reads a floating-point number and then displays the right-most digit of the integral
part of the number.

2. Modify the above program to display the two right most digits of the integral part of the number.

3. Given an integer number, write a program that displays the number as follows:
First line                : all digits
Second line               : all except first digit
Third line                : all except first two digits
.........
Last line                 : The last digit
For example, the number 5678 will be displayed as
              5 6 7 8
              6 7 8
              7 8 
              8
        

4. The straight-line method of computing the yearly depreciation of the value of an item is given by
                  Depreciation = (Purchase Price - Salvage Value) / Years of Service
Write a program to determine the salvage value of an item when the purchase price, years of service,
and the annual depreciation are given.

5. Write a program that will read a real number from the keyboard and print the following output in one
line:
Smallest integer                           The given                   Lergest integer
not less than                               number                     not greater than
the number                                                             the number

6. The total distance travelled by a vehicle in t seconds is given by
distance = ut + ( a t*2 ) / 2
Where u is the initial velocity (metres per second), a is the acceleration (metres per second 2 ). Write a
program to evaluate the distance travelled at regular intervals of time, given the values of u and a.
The program should provide the flexibility to the user to select his own time intervals and repeat the
calculations for different values of u and a .

7. In inventory management, the Economic Order Quantity for a single item is given by
         EOQ = sqrt((2*setup costs) / (demand rate * holding cost per unit time))
  and the optimal Time Between Orders
         TBO = sqrt ((2* setup costs) / (demand rate * holding cost per unit time))
  Write a program to compute EOQ and TBO, given demand rate (items per unit time), setup costs (per
order), and the holding cost (per item per unit time).

8. For a certain electrical circuit with an inductance L and resistance R, the damped natural
frequency is given by
            Frequency = sqrt ((1 / L*C )- (R*R / 4*C*C)
It is desired to study the variation of this frequency with C (capacitance). Write a program to calculate
the frequency for different values of C starting from 0.01 to 0.1 in steps of 0.01.

9. Write a program to read a four digit integer and print the sum of its digits.
Hint: Use / and % operators.

10. Given three values, write a program to read three values from keyboard and print out the largest of
them without using if statement.

11. Write a program to read two integer values m and n and to decide and print whether m is a multiple of n.

12. Write a program to read three values using scanf statement and print the following results:
(a) Sum of the values
(b) Average of the three values
(c) Largest of the three
(d) Smallest of the three

13. The cost of one type of mobile service is Rs. 250 plus Rs. 1.25 for each call made over and above 100
  calls. Write a program to read customer codes and calls made and print the bill for each customer.

14. Write a program to print a table of sin and cos functions for the interval from 0 to 180
degrees in increments of 15 a shown here.

15. Write a program to compute the values of square roots and squares of the numbers 0 to 100 in steps
10 and print the output in a tabular form as shown below.

16. Write a program to illustrate the use of cast operator in a real life situation.

17. Write a C program to shift the given data by two bits to the left.

18. Write a C program to compute the value of the expression x=a-b/3+c*2-1.

19. Write a C program to input a date value and determine whether the entered day, month, and
year values are valid.

20. Write a C program to input the sides of a triangle and determine whether the triangle is isoceles or
not.

21. Write a C program that reads two numbers and performs their division. If the division is not
possible, then an error messgage, ‘Division not possible’ is displayed.

22. Input the value of 4 variables a, b, c and d and compute the resultant value of following
expressions:
(a + b) * (c / d)
(a + b) * c / d
a + (b * c) / d